Update storage-sas-overview.md (#124896)
Azure/azure-content: articles/storage/common/storage-sas-overview.md

### User delegation SAS

> A user delegation SAS is secured with Microsoft Entra credentials and also by the permissions specified for the SAS. A User Delegation SAS is specific to Blob Storage and cannot be used with other Azure Storage services such as File Storage, Table Storage, or Queue Storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user delegation SAS is secured with Microsoft Entra credentials and also by the permissions specified for the SAS. A user delegation SAS is supported for Azure Blob Storage and Azure Data Lake Storage. It's not currently supported for Azure Files, Queue Storage, or Table Storage.
```

> A user delegation SAS is secured with Microsoft Entra credentials and also by the permissions specified for the SAS. A user delegation SAS is supported for Azure Blob Storage and Azure Data Lake Storage. It's not currently supported for Azure Files, Queue Storage, or Table Storage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A user delegation SAS is secured with Microsoft Entra credentials and also by the permissions specified for the SAS. A user delegation SAS is supported for Azure Blob Storage and Azure Data Lake Storage. It's not currently supported for Azure Files, Azure Queue Storage, or Azure Table Storage.
```
